Change to host networking in container example (#2002)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/test_and_ci/docker.md

# Run docker and open bash shell
docker run -it --privileged \
--env=LOCAL_USER_ID="$(id -u)" \

> -v ~/Projects/PX4-Autopilot:/src/PX4-Autopilot/:rw \

Reviewer: This bit is wrong. The bit you changed is the `<host_src>` and the example above explicitly states "share the directory **~/src/PX4-Autopilot** on the host computer"

Author: I forgot to change that back, I'll go ahead and fix that.

-v /tmp/.X11-unix:/tmp/.X11-unix:ro \

> -e DISPLAY=$DISPLAY \

Reviewer: This would assume you are pulling the value of $DISPLAY from somewhere.  Why, and where from?

Author: From my limited testing on Ubuntu machines (20.04 desktop on a Laptop and 22.04 desktop on an Intel NUC) I found that `$DISPLAY` had already been set by something else within the system. The reason I chose to use this instead of `:0` was because on my laptop, the proper display to use was actually `:1` which ended up causing me a half hour or so of grief trying to figure it out. By using `$DISPLAY` I am assuming that other machines also have had this value automatically set and will hopefully mitigate potential issues for future users. I can go ahead and add a note mentioning this though so that if `$DISPLAY` is not set, users will at least have some understanding of what is going on (or I can change it back to `:0` and still include a note about possibly needing to change that value).

Reviewer: I have proposed a new wording (with questions to be answered) here: https://github.com/PX4/PX4-user_guide/pull/2002/files#r947330948

Otherwise I think this PR is good to go. THanks!

# Run docker and open bash shell
docker run -it --privileged \
--env=LOCAL_USER_ID="$(id -u)" \
-v ~/Projects/PX4-Autopilot:/src/PX4-Autopilot/:rw \
-v /tmp/.X11-unix:/tmp/.X11-unix:ro \
-e DISPLAY=$DISPLAY \
--network host \
--name=px4-ros px4io/px4-dev-ros2-foxy:2022-07-31 bash
```

:::note
We use the host network mode to avoid conflicts between the UDP port access control when using QGroundControl on the same system as the docker container.

> :::

Reviewer: THanks @magicbycalvin 

@julianoes @JonasVautherin Do either of you know enough to evaluate this use of `--network host` change? Or can you recommend someone?

Reviewer 2: I'm never using this script, so I can't really comment on it. I also don't know what port forwarding 14570 was for.

Reviewer: @julianoes Can you recommend who might know/who else I could ask?

Reviewer 3: I personally don't use my containers with `--network host`, but I don't really see a big problem in recommending it here. It's a pretty basic Docker feature, so people who know Docker will be fine removing it if they want to.

Overall if this helps beginners getting started, why not :+1:.

Reviewer: As long as it works. Thanks!

-v ~/src/PX4-Autopilot:/src/PX4-Autopilot/:rw \
-v /tmp/.X11-unix:/tmp/.X11-unix:ro \
-e DISPLAY=:0 \
--network host \
--name=px4-ros px4io/px4-dev-ros2-foxy:2022-07-31 bash
```

:::note
We use the host network mode to avoid conflicts between the UDP port access control when using QGroundControl on the same system as the docker container.
:::

:::note

> In some situations, `DISPLAY` may need to be set to a different value such as `:1`. It may be possible to determine what that value is by using `echo $DISPLAY` or simply by changing `-e DISPLAY=:0` to `-e DISPLAY=$DISPLAY`. Note that making that change assumes that the environment variable `DISPLAY` has been set.

Reviewer: Hi @magicbycalvin,

What the `-e` flag does (I think) is set environment flags in the container. Since we're passing in a value for DISPLAY from the host, I assume that what we're doing here is telling the container what display to use in the host.

Now the  $DISPLAY` environment variable is a magic number set by the XWindow system (according to the internet). So I would expect this to work any XWindow system like Ubuntu hosts, but not WIndows.

Further, what are the symptoms of getting the wrong display setting? Is it that gazebo might not display in the host machine, or something else?

Depending on the symptom I think we should reword like this:

```suggestion
If [symptoms of wrong display], `DISPLAY` may need to be set to a different value.
On Linux (XWindow) hosts you can change `-e DISPLAY=:0` to `-e DISPLAY=$DISPLAY`.
On other hosts you might iterate the value of `0` in  `-e DISPLAY=:0` until [symptom is fixed]
```

Author: Good point about Windows environments (I didn't even know you could get PX4 working on Windows!)
I agree with your suggested change and went ahead and copied that over. The symptom of a wrong display is that you get the error `Can't open display: :0`. I included that message in the [symptom of wrong display] and [symptom is fixed] comments above.
